README.md, before:

# Wamuyu for fun

Guessing game.
  -It is a simple python game where the user tries to guess randomly generated numbers.
  -It provides hints if the guess is too high or low.
  -Uses python3
  AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Calendar.
  -This is a simple python program that displays a calendar for a given year and month.
  -The user can enter any year and month.
  -Prints the calendar with weeks starting on Sunday.
  -No GUI is required.
  -Make sure the file is not named calendar.py to avoid confusion with python built in module.
   AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Check internet speed.
   -This is a python script that one can use to measure your internet download and upload speeds.
   -It prints results in the console.
   -Requires python3 and speedtest-cli library.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Lover Heart.
    - A fun python program that draws a heart shape using turtle graphics module.
    -One can use it to create cute heart animations.
    -One can customize colour and size.
    -Requirs python3. and Turtle module which is in built with python.
    -The heart is displayee in a turtle graphics window.
      AUTHOURED BY RunanuJr

Banking Program.
   -A python program that replicates basic banking operations like deposits, withdraws and balance check.
   -One can check account balance, deposit money and withdraw money.
   -For one to run, install python and clone this respiratory.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

LogIn System.
  -This python log in system demonstrates object- oriented programming where users register and login.
  -It stores usernames and passwords in JSON.
  -Can also be improved by someone else who has the skills, ie, Adding GUI using Tkinter and checking Password strength.
  -Install python 3, clone this respiratory, open the terminal and run the program.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr
<<<<<<< HEAD
     
Password & Passphrase Advisor with Argon2.
  -This Python tool analyzes single passwords or passphrases, estimates entropy, detects human patterns, provides improvement suggestions, and hashes the input securely using Argon2.
  -It:
    - Analyzes single passwords or passphrases
    - Calculate entropy in bits
    - Provide strength rating
    - Detect human patterns (common names, short words, predictable symbol/digit placement)
    - Suggest improvements
    - Estimate time to crack (offline and online)
    - Securely hash using Argon2
    - Verify password/passphrase against the hash
  - It requires python3 and argon2-cffi library
       AUTHOURED BY RunanuJr


  
=======
  -
  
>>>>>>> 19a839f (Resolve README and remove unnecessary .pyc file)

Commit message:

Update README for my_qr_generator.py

README.md, after:

# Wamuyu for fun

Guessing game.
  -It is a simple python game where the user tries to guess randomly generated numbers.
  -It provides hints if the guess is too high or low.
  -Uses python3
  AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Calendar.
  -This is a simple python program that displays a calendar for a given year and month.
  -The user can enter any year and month.
  -Prints the calendar with weeks starting on Sunday.
  -No GUI is required.
  -Make sure the file is not named calendar.py to avoid confusion with python built in module.
   AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Check internet speed.
   -This is a python script that one can use to measure your internet download and upload speeds.
   -It prints results in the console.
   -Requires python3 and speedtest-cli library.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

Lover Heart.
    - A fun python program that draws a heart shape using turtle graphics module.
    -One can use it to create cute heart animations.
    -One can customize colour and size.
    -Requirs python3. and Turtle module which is in built with python.
    -The heart is displayee in a turtle graphics window.
      AUTHOURED BY RunanuJr

Banking Program.
   -A python program that replicates basic banking operations like deposits, withdraws and balance check.
   -One can check account balance, deposit money and withdraw money.
   -For one to run, install python and clone this respiratory.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

LogIn System.
  -This python log in system demonstrates object- oriented programming where users register and login.
  -It stores usernames and passwords in JSON.
  -Can also be improved by someone else who has the skills, ie, Adding GUI using Tkinter and checking Password strength.
  -Install python 3, clone this respiratory, open the terminal and run the program.
     AUTHORED BY RunanuJr

 QR Code Generator (For Fun)
This is a simple Python project that generates QR codes from any text or URL you provide.  
⚠️ **Note:** The QR codes generated by this script are **dummy/fun codes** and may **not be recognized by all QR code scanners**. Use for experimentation or demonstration purposes only.

Features

- Generate QR codes from text or URLs  
- Save QR codes as PNG images  
- Simple and easy-to-use console interface  

1. Install the required library:

```bash
pip install qrcode[pil]

AUTHOURED BY RunanuJr


Password & Passphrase Advisor with Argon2.
  -This Python tool analyzes single passwords or passphrases, estimates entropy, detects human patterns, provides improvement suggestions, and hashes the input securely using Argon2.
  -It:
    - Analyzes single passwords or passphrases
    - Calculate entropy in bits
    - Provide strength rating
    - Detect human patterns (common names, short words, predictable symbol/digit placement)
    - Suggest improvements
    - Estimate time to crack (offline and online)
    - Securely hash using Argon2
    - Verify password/passphrase against the hash
  - It requires python3 and argon2-cffi library
       AUTHOURED BY RunanuJr
